LAB 8 CLUSTER REVIEW
Inspect representative passages and TF-IDF terms before assigning final topic labels.

CLUSTER 0
Passages: 107
TF-IDF terms: biol, molecular, prerequisite, chem, chemistry, materials, course, biology, chemical, systems

[P0398] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Molecular Bioscience with Tracks in Biogeochemistry, Biophysics, Cell and Molecular Biology, Genetics and Genomics | Page 188
All biological sciences rest on two central principles – all organisms and their characteristics are the product of evolution, and all life processes have a physical and chemical basis. Simply put, at the most fundamental level, there is a shared molecular basis of life. Despite the astonishing diversity of living organisms, from bacteria living in deep ocean hydrothermal vents to cherry trees flowering in the spring to complex modern humans shaping the world around us, many features of all organisms at the cellular and molecular levels are fundamentally similar because of shared evolutionary history. Discoveries of fundamental molecular mechanisms in one species - a bacteria or fungus or fruit fly, for example - often apply to other distantly related organisms like humans. Solving many of the most perplexing and challenging biological, agricultural, medical, societal, and environmental problems in today’s world requires a broad and deep understanding of the molecular basis of life. The highly interdisciplinary field of molecular bioscience seeks to understand at the level of atoms and molecules how living things acquire energy and chemical nutrients from their environment, how they use that energy to fuel the basic biochemical reactions and cellular functions required for life, how they use molecular information encoded in their DNA to grow, survive, and reproduce, and how their metabolic and biochemical processes transform the environment in which we all live. The broad goal of molecular bioscience, to understand the mechanisms of life processes at the physical, chemical, and cellular levels, requires students to integrate knowledge from several disciplines that traditionally are treated as separate realms of knowledge. Molecular bioscience is at the intersection of biology, chemistry, and physics, but most undergraduate programs require that students focus on one discipline at the exclusion of the other two. In contrast, the Molecular Bioscience major at DKU is designed to integrate fully the fields of biology, chemistry, and physics throughout the major’s course of study, so DKU students trained in molecular bioscience will be better prepared to understand and make fundamental advances on the tremendous challenges facing our current and future generations in human health, agriculture, biotechnology, and global environmental change. Through the required interdisciplinary introductory courses including Biochemistry, Biophysics, Genetics and Evolution, and Biomedical Ethics, all molecular bioscience students will gain core foundational knowledge and skills that uniquely will enable them to pursue one of four more specialized tracks of courses that focus some of the most exciting fields of science today. Students who choose the Cell and Molecular Biology track, for example, will learn of stunning new discoveries of how cells work at the molecular level, and how that knowledge is critical for advances in cancer biology and medicine, pharmacology, biochemistry, virology, immunology, developmental biology, and the Biotech industries. The Genetics and Genomics track will provide students with deep insight into how the explosive fields of functional genomics, bioinformatics, and computational biology are revolutionizing our understanding of life. Students will learn how genomics is revealing the complex and highly orchestrated mechanisms that organisms use to regulate genes and genomes, how genomes evolve

[P0380] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Materials Science with tracks in Chemistry and Physics | Page 175
Many of tomorrow’s innovations in fields such as fast computing, renewable energy generation, batteries, plastics, textiles, and transportation will rely on the unique and novel properties of materials. The development of such materials requires integrated knowledge in physics, chemistry, and biology, along with advanced mathematics and computation. The Materials Science major introduces students to the interdisciplinary study in materials science, which includes atomic and molecular structure, mechanical and thermodynamic properties, electric and magnetic properties, and fabrication methods and applications, together with disciplinary training in either physics or chemistry. This major can prepare students for advanced studies in various departments in graduate school such as physics, chemistry, materials science and mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, electrical engineering, etc. Within the requirements of this major, student have the flexibility to design a curriculum that emphasizes more on one particular field of study, for example, physics, chemistry or materials science. Students with more interests in industrial positions can also customize their backgrounds for domestic and international manufacturers or companies specializeing in automobiles, aircrafts, batteries, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, electronics, etc.

[P0489] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Chemistry (CHEM) | Page 231
With an integrated approach, this course examines basic concepts and fundamental principles in chemistry based on the laws of physics. The course starts with an introduction to the static structures of atoms, molecules and matter including life itself, followed by an exploration of the dynamical and collective processes during chemical reactions. It explains how atoms, the basic building blocks of matter, interact with each other and construct the world around us, how subatomic electrons modulate the chemical properties of elements, and how the rearrangement of atoms during chemical reactions gives rise to astonishing phenomena in nature. Centered on topics in chemistry, this course not only prepares students for upper-level disciplinary courses, but also helps students develop an interdisciplinary molecular perspective, which allows them to tackle problems in various fields such as condensed matter physics, molecular biology, medicine, materials science and environmental science. While no previous knowledge is required, some background is advantageous. Not open to students who have credits for both INTGSCI 101 and 102 or CHEM 120 Prerequisite(s): None

[P0399] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Molecular Bioscience with Tracks in Biogeochemistry, Biophysics, Cell and Molecular Biology, Genetics and Genomics | Page 189
via population genomic processes, and how new methods like DNA editing promise to transform medicine, agriculture, and our understanding of basic biological processes. The Biophysics track will allow students to apply principles of physics to biological systems at molecular, organismal, and ecological levels. These students will learn how such integrated applications of these principles are leading to the incredible breadth of advances biophysicists are making in bioelectronics, quantum biology, nanotechnology, structural biology, biomechanics, biochemistry, and cell and molecular biology. Finally, students who choose the Biogeochemistry track will discover how the activities of biological systems and other chemical, physical, and geological processes drive the global or local cycles of chemicals like carbon and nitrogen, and ultimately lead to global environmental change. These students, with their interdisciplinary training in molecular bioscience with a focus on ecosystem science, will be uniquely prepared to solve existential challenges like human-mediated global climate change and environmental degradation.

[P0493] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Chemistry (CHEM) | Page 232
In this course students will learn to recognize organic chemical structures and reactions that are akin to those found in living cells, as well as learn the molecular underpinnings for the many consumer goods and products we encounter and use in daily life. In addition to covering the scientific principles and applications of organic chemistry, this course will also explore how a variety of organic molecules have had an impact on history, society, and global economics. Organic Chemistry I is both an introductory and survey course for learning the foundations of organic chemistry, and is sufficient to support further studies and coursework in the areas of biology, environmental sciences, and global health. Laboratory: techniques of separation, organic reactions and preparations, and systematic identification of compounds by their spectral and chemical properties. Prerequisite(s): INTGSCI 102 or CHEM 110 or CHEM 120

[P0459] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Biology (BIOL) | Page 223
BIOL 203 examines Darwin’s theories of natural selection and evolution through multiple lenses in scientific and humanistic disciplines. This course covers the key concepts of biological evolution, examines how simple behaviors evolve in animals and humans, and explores current ideas about the evolution of complex social behaviors and societies. The course will also introduce students to the thinkers that influenced Darwin, such as economist Thomas Malthus and geologist Charles Lyell, as well as to Darwin’s influence on later thinkers from political theorist Karl Marx to historian Yuval Noah Harari. Discussion of these topics will be grounded in scientific case studies while also considering the impact of these theories on representations of gender, race and nature in popular culture, film and media. Prerequisite(s): INTGSCI 101 or BIOL 110 or Consent of the Instructor

[P0495] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Chemistry (CHEM) | Page 233
This course is designed to provide the student with an understanding of the fundamentals of aqueous geochemistry. This course focuses on the fundamental aquatic geochemical processes (e.g. mineral precipitation/dissolution, solution complexation, acid-base chemistry) that shape and transform the Earth's surface as a result of rock-water interactions, and associated impacts on the fate and transport of inorganic and organic contaminants in aqueous and geochemical environments. Topics to be covered include the chemical composition of soils, geochemical specalation, mineral weathering and stability, sorption and ion exchange, soil redox processes, chemical kinetics at environmental surfaces, and the nature, composition, structure, and properties of pollutants coupled with the major chemical mechanisms controlling the occurrence and mobility of chemicals in the environment. Prerequisite(s): INTGSCI 102 or CHEM 110 or CHEM 120

[P0457] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Biology (BIOL) | Page 222
Introduces major concepts in eukaryotic cell biology with a focus on molecular biology. A major emphasis is placed on transcription, translation, protein targeting and transport. In addition, the structure and function of organelles and how they function in metabolism and energetics will be examined. The role of the cytoskeleton and extra cellular matrix in governing cell shape and motility will be addressed as well as the genetic regulation of DNA replication and its place in the cell cycle and how disruption of either can lead to cancer. The laboratory portion of the class would introduce common laboratory molecular biology techniques like DNA isolation, PCR, cloning, sequencing, immunocytochemistry and fluorescent microscopy. Prerequisite(s): INTGSCI 102; or, BIOL 110 and CHEM 110 or 120

[P0916] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Physics (PHYS) | Page 348
Particulate materials, broadly defined as agglomerates of macroscopic particles, are ubiquitous in nature, across industries (pharmaceutics, chemical engineering, geotechnical, etc.) and in our daily lives. You can see them in everything from sand grains on the beach to catalyst particles in chemical reactors and from airborne pollution particles to ice balls forming Saturn's rings. Starting from a physics perspective, this course builds the foundation for widespread applications of particulate materials. It covers topics including particle-particle and particle-fluid interactions, agglomeration processes, statics and dynamics of granular materials. Students work on specific projects that equip them with essential experimental and/or numerical tools to explore these applications of particulate materials and that prepare them for advanced academic and applied fields of study.

[P0458] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Biology (BIOL) | Page 222
Examines the structure and function of genomics and the flow of genomic information from parent to progeny and through populations. Changes in genetic makeup underlie important biological processes from disease to adaptation and evolution. Topics include classical transmission genetics (inheritance, assortment, and recombination), bacterial and phage genetics, gene regulation, genome structure and stability, mutation and repair, population genomics, complex trait inheritance evaluation and modern genomic techniques. The laboratory portion examines genetic inheritance in common laboratory model systems like yeast and Drosophila with projects that show what can be learned about gene function by the examination of mutants. Mutants will be created by random mutagenesis as well as targeted recombination and CRISPR. Prerequisite(s): INTGSCI 102 or BIOL 110

----------------------------------------------------------------------

CLUSTER 1
Passages: 144
TF-IDF terms: students, student, skills, course, learning, community, academic, language, duke, university

[P0194] Part 8: Career Services, Study Away, and Research Opportunities | Career Services | Unclassified | Page 72
The Career Services Office at Duke Kunshan University is committed to assisting graduate and undergraduate students as well as alumni with discovering and refining their career pathways and ultimately realizing their future career goals. The Office will provide both guidance and resources to students and alumni that will help them to explore different job and career opportunities as well as help them to gain important skills, knowledge, and experience in order to be competitive and successful in achieving their long-term career goals. The Career Services Office encourages students to make the most of their Duke Kunshan University experience by accessing relevant campus resources, developing career interests and values, and establishing and maintaining relationships with their peers as well as faculty, staff and alumni. The Office also provides Career Development Mentorship Program which is designed to help Duke Kunshan University Undergraduate students from year three onward, improve career skills and knowledge by connecting students with alumni or a professional across a variety of fields. This opportunity is optional to students. Mentors are encouraged to interact with their students on three separate occasions (or more) per academic term. Interactions may occur in-person or remotely. The Career Services Office will also follow the seven principles of Duke Kunshan University when creating programs and providing services. The services and support will be done with the aid of a network that engages offices such as Academic Advising and Student Affairs, students, faculty, staff, alumni, external partners and other stakeholders to support students’ career development needs. Key services that the Career Services Office offers include: • Resources & Tools: including online platform, assessment tools, online and offline resources for information research, and other career development tools to help students with goal identification and career path planning. • Coaching & Advising: career development coaching (one-on-one coaching appointments with career coaches) and graduate school advising (group sessions and one-on-one meeting with coaches and advisors). • Workshops and Events: including skill workshops, specialized seminars and conferences, guest speakers, case competitions, internship fairs and on campus recruitment events etc. • Specialized Career Programs: including engagement programs with corporate partners, engagement programs with alumni, and development programs with other external partners such as government and research institutions. • Opportunities Development: the Career Services Office works to build and maintain relationships with alumni and employers who can provide internships, learning opportunities, and full-time opportunities. • Internship Facilitation & Processing: works with student mobility, keeps all records of foreign student internships in China on record, advises on legal requirements, keeps up-to-date on relevant changes and opportunities. Summer and short-term internship opportunities are collected

[P0189] Part 7: Academic Advising and Support | Academic Advising | Unclassified | Page 69
Academic advising is salient to undergraduate education at Duke Kunshan University. The goal of all academic advising is to provide a network of support across the university that is student- centered and responsive to the needs of students. Advisors provide insight on how to navigate the college experience by teaching students about the undergraduate curriculum and co-curricular opportunities. This process includes teaching students how each course contributes to their knowledge and innovative thinking. Additionally, advisors nurture students’ practical skills related to decision-making and help students learn to take responsibility for developing meaningful educational plans compatible with their academic potential, career, and life goals. Advising is more than the imparting of specialized information; it includes helping students explore and discover the role of education in society and teaching students the skills for active learning and perseverance to reach long-term goals. Through advising, students will learn to formulate important questions about the nature and direction of their undergraduate career. Advisors will confer with students about course schedules and educational experiences, but students themselves are responsible for their academic program, social activities, and for making progress toward an academic degree. Students’ advising needs change as they progress through their academic programs, requiring a dynamic advising partnership that pulls expertise and guidance from across campus faculty and administrators. The Director for Academic Advising oversees the academic advising team, who understand the terrain of broad areas such as arts and humanities, global and civic opportunities, and natural and quantitative sciences; and collaborates with pre-professional advisors with expertise in areas such as health, entrepreneurship, law and business. This network of advisors ensures that students have varied sources of information and build close relationships with campus faculty and staff who can provide guidance about future plans and act as references. Additionally, designated faculty serve as major coordinators who ensure information related to specific majors are shared broadly throughout the advising community. At Duke Kunshan University, advisors are key to understanding the nature of the academic programs and how they can address student interests, goals and purposes. They advise students on navigating both academic and social life, and help students determine appropriate learning strategies, including tutoring. They advise students in the selection of courses, majors, signature

[P0191] Part 7: Academic Advising and Support | Seven Principles of Duke Kunshan University Academic Advising | Unclassified | Page 70
The Academic Resource Center (ARC) is a learning center with the ultimate goal of helping students to become independent learners. The ARC offers tutoring support, Academic Success Program, Academic Coaching and special events, such as First Friday and Exam Jam. Tutorial support is supplemental to course instruction. Academic Success Tutors, our full-time learning professionals, attend selected courses across the curriculum and work in collaboration with instructors to discern how to best facilitate student learning and development. Students also receive group and one-on-one support from our Peer Tutors, undergraduate students who have successfully completed applicable courses. Peer tutoring is an excellent way to hone skills and strategies in a friendly and supportive community. All tutors receive internationally certified training by the College Reading and Learning Association. The Academic Success Program provides incoming students with information and skills they need to transition to college-level coursework and achieve academic success. The program consists of a series of workshops on motivation, time management, study skills, and academic stress management. In this program, students will participate in structured training to learn campus resources and practical skills to navigate their first year of college. Students who fulfill all the requirements of the program will receive the Academic Success Certificate. Academic Success Coaching is offered as a series of one-on-one sessions to help guide students through examining academic concerns and perceived barriers to success. Professionals in the ARC help students discover personal academic success strategies on learning preferences, study skills, time management, motivation, etc. through coaching. Students work on various learning strategies so that they can improve their academic performance and enhance the overall quality of their college experience. Other support offices such as Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS), Student Health Services, Student Accessibility Office, the Writing and Language Studio, the Office of Global Education, and the Office of Career Services can help students identify academic strategies and refine their interests and goals. Students should refer to selected majors for specific curriculum requirements required for degree completion.

[P0053] Part 3: The Curriculum | Degree Requirements | Major Requirements (16-19 courses, 64-76 credits) | Page 23
Duke Kunshan University graduates will have experience addressing complex problems outside the classroom as well as within, developing these skills through “Signature Work”. Signature Work encourages students to seek creative alignments between curricular pathways and to engage in experiential learning that leads to the creation of knowledge and products for scholarly, private sector and public audiences. Signature Work calls for each student to identify one or more questions, problems, or issues that are of particular importance to him or herself and to society, and to investigate these through a combination of curricular and related co-curricular experiences. Students develop guided pathways, identify questions, and undertake projects early in their academic career. During the sophomore year students work with their advisors and faculty mentors to begin identifying the major questions, problems, or issues on which they would like to work, and to develop a pathway that includes three thematically linked courses drawn from students' interdisciplinary studies, disciplinary studies or electives, one or more co-curricular or experiential activities, and two capstone courses in which a student creates a substantial scholarly or creative signature product. Experiences derived from the co-curricular experiential learning component should establish, build on, solidify, or enhance academic work aligned with the Signature Work project. These experiences should help DKU undergraduate students prepare for their next steps beyond DKU. Experiential learning activities might include, but are not limited to, internships, practica, laboratory work, creative arts-based project, entrepreneurship-based project, community-based fieldwork or other civic projects. The Signature Work Project will vary across fields and disciplines, but will always include substantial scholarly writing, reflection on learning, and publicly visible results. A student's Signature Work topic will be identified by the end of the sophomore year, at the latest. In the junior and senior years, a student will create an e-portfolio that captures both the Signature Work Product a student has produced and a narrative explaining the larger inquiry informing their Signature Work Project. Further information is available in the Signature Work Guide.

[P0206] Part 9: Student Affairs and Campus Life | Leadership Development | Unclassified | Page 78
All undergraduate students are required to reside on campus, all four years. On campus includes the main campus as well as any buildings off site that are owned, leased, or operated by the University. Our residence halls are homes for the students who live there. Many people use the word “dorm” to describe the places students live on university campuses. “Dormitory” is word derived from the Latin for “sleep”. Since our facilities are part of something far more impactful and meaningful than sleep alone, we use the term residence hall to describe any of the residential buildings. Each hall is supervised by a full-time Residence Life Coordinator, who also lives in the building. Further, each Residence Life Coordinator supervises a team of Resident Assistants who help students develop a sense of community. Information about each residence hall can be found online: https://dukekunshan.edu.cn/en/student-life/residence-life/residence-halls. Room assignments are made by Residence Life, before the school year begins, through the Mercury system. Within the room assignment application, information about roommate matching, building preferences, and room type preferences will be collected, and students will sign a Room Assignment Agreement. While we collect these preferences, we ask for your understanding that there are limitations that don’t enable us to give everyone exactly what they prefer. The options available and application timelines for different academic programs and levels is slightly different, so be sure to pay attention to emails sent by Residence Life and information posted online: https://dukekunshan.edu.cn/en/student-life/residence-life/applying-room-assignment.

[P0127] Part 6: Academic Procedures and Information | Independent Studies | Unclassified | Page 48
Independent study enables a student to pursue for course credit individual interests under the supervision of a faculty member. Independent study is of two types: Independent Study (non- research) and Research Independent Study. Both require approval of the instructor involved as well as the advisors and the appropriate division chair or Director of the Language and Culture Center; student-faculty meetings at least once a week for a 7-week course or once every two weeks for a 14- week course; completion of a final product during the term for which a student is registered for the course; and evaluation by the instructor of the work, including the final product, associated with the independent study. Courses entitled Independent Study or INDSTU are individual non-research directed study in a field of special interest on a previously approved topic taken under the supervision of a faculty member and resulting in an academic and/or artistic product. Courses entitled Research Independent Study or RINDSTU are individual research in a field of special interest under the supervision of a faculty member, the central goal of which is a substantive paper or written report containing significant analysis and interpretation of a previously approved topic. Research Independent Study courses may be repeated for credit. Students may not do a Research Independent Study related to their Signature Work topic in the same term in which they are registered for a capstone course.

[P0213] Part 9: Student Affairs and Campus Life | Athletics & University Sports | Unclassified | Page 80
events will not only build self-confidence in their personal development, they will also do work that benefits the campus community and the local community at large. Ultimately, students engaged in student involvement personally benefit from these experiences and community building opportunities. Check out the campus event calendar and opportunities at https://dukekunshan.campuslabs.com/engage. A sample of some of our key student activities for students to engage and cross-culturally connect include weekly programs such as our DKU Cinema and DKU Spotlight programs which showcase movie showings and put on student performances respectively. Activities also include campus wide dances, arts & culture workshops and excursions, boardgame nights, and karaoke to name a few. To help students learn more about China, students can partake in a student excursion program called DKU Quest - Exploring China's Beauty and Mystery where students are taken across China on excursions to places like the Zhejiang Anji Baofu Bamboo Forest, a Sichuan Tibetan Village, Nanjing, Beijing and the Great Wall, Zhang Jia Jie National Park (Avatar Mountains), and Huangshan (Yellow) Mountains. These activities constitute an exciting and important part of the Duke Kunshan University experience in serving the diverse needs and interests of our students and promoting connections outside the classroom. These opportunities also provide leadership skills, development opportunities and serve to empower students culturally, socially, and intellectually.

[P0221] Part 9: Student Affairs and Campus Life | Host Family Program | Unclassified | Page 82
This office provides military training, transitional support related with Dang'An, Hukou, and train ticket discounts based on MOE's prescriptive procedures only for Chinese mainland students. Military training is essential for Chinese mainland students to learn at minimum military related theory, physical training, and field survival training. The office usually facilitates military training by the end of the first academic year. The office receives the Dang'An from the student's high school, files and keeps it. The file is kept in the office for four years and transfers to the place where students will go after their graduation. The office works with the local the Public Security Bureau (Police) to receive Hukou students transferred from their hometown to be registered as local resident although it's not mandatory. The MOE provides a discount for round-trip train tickets between home and DKU twice a year. The office purchases and places the discount sticker in the student's booklet to certify the discount. In addition to supporting Chinese students, Chinese Student Services provides a series of programs such as social practice, community service, and volunteer programs for all students. The intent is to promote interactions between Chinese students and international students to encourage diversity and inclusion within the DKU community.

[P0039] Part 3: The Curriculum | Degree Requirements | General Education Requirements | Page 20
Common Core courses provide opportunities for students to develop a degree of common knowledge and shared experiences. One dimension of this commonality is a set of core courses that focus on big questions and critical challenges with which every student should be prepared to engage. Engagement will draw from and integrate humanistic and scientific knowledge, including its historical context and cultural traditions of thought about value, the nature of reality, and what it is to be human. Such knowledge is both a means for addressing challenges and a pre-requisite for identifying what our challenges are and how we might address them. Common Core courses also provide regular instruction and guided practice in writing and speaking for non-specialist audiences. Students take these courses one per year, in sequence, so that the common experience and development of communication skills extend across time. The three common core courses are China in the World (Year 1), Global Challenges in Science, Technology and Health (Year 2), and Ethics, Citizenship and the Examined Life (Year 3). In order to promote the common experience among the same class of students, these three common core courses must be taken during the Fall or Spring term in the designated year of study.

[P0218] Part 9: Student Affairs and Campus Life | Campus Health Clinic | Unclassified | Page 81
Counseling services is an important part of the Duke Kunshan University community and it supports DKU student’s mental health needs. We provide assistance to individuals to address mental health issues such as anxiety, depression and adjustment challenges. More importantly, CAPS provides services to help students cultivate resilience and psychological flexibility, and aims to create a healthy community through various community mental health engagement activities. CAPS places deep value in outreach programming and community engagement through various learning series on topics such as diversity, self-identity, self-confidence, how to form healthy intimate relationship, and how to live a meaningful college life. CAPS is also charged with and is committed to providing educational opportunities for students with disabilities. CAPS uses a multifaceted team-based approach to determine eligibility for services and accommodations to qualiﬁed ﬁrst-year students, sophomores, juniors, and seniors as well as graduate students. Our goal is to provide and coordinate accommodations that enable students with disabilities to have equal access to all Duke Kunshan University programs and activities. Services and accommodations are provided to students with a variety of disabilities including, but not limited to, learning disabilities, psychological disorders, mobility, and chronic health as well as other medical conditions.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

CLUSTER 2
Passages: 192
TF-IDF terms: political, course, social, world, american, cultural, religious, global, war, examines

[P0316] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Ethics and Leadership with tracks in Philosophy, Public Policy, Religious Studies | Page 132
The human sciences have made significant advances in understanding what makes for effective leaders and organizations and the qualities of character needed to make sound decisions. For example, social and organizational psychology and history have identified qualities of leaders and group dynamics that foster loyalty, trust, and creativity. Political science, economics and history have explored different models for supportive and regulatory relationships between governments and markets. Expertise of this kind is crucial for enabling leaders to deal with the challenges posed by globalization, climate change, and profound changes in technology that are drastically altering the kinds of work available in a constantly changing economy. The Ethics and Leadership major meets a critical need to integrate such expertise from the human sciences with the best of thought from philosophy, religion, psychology, and literature about the ultimate ends of human life, about right and wrong, rights, duties and the common good. Leaders need the ability to see, frame, and think wisely about the ethical issues that confront them. The major is not just for those who aspire to hold political office or high-ranking positions within various organizations. Citizens or members of organizations should have thoughtful and informed conceptions of what makes a good leader, so that they may choose wisely or be prepared to become one. People often serve as leaders or co-leaders in smaller groups within their organizations. People find themselves in social contexts where they may be called upon to lead, and they may decide to do so simply not because they desired to be leaders all along, but because they are needed. This interdisciplinary major, drawing from fields such as philosophy, political theory, history, literature, religion, and the social and natural sciences, seeks to provide students with the specific expertise that is needed to address issues such as global health, pollution and the environment or regulation of corporations and markets. Students will be encouraged and guided in the task of framing specific expertise with a broader and deeper framework of thinking about what kinds of leaders and citizens they should be, and what their ultimate values ought to be. The major will encourage them to know more and to think more deeply about their own cultural tradition, but also will take them through different traditions of thought about how to make ethical decisions, about the virtues of leaders, the virtues of those they lead, and the right relationship between the two. Students will be encouraged to identify and form views about the differences as well as the similarities between different cultural traditions of thought about these matters, as well as about ultimate values that go into thinking about justice and the good life and how such values relate to conceptions of human spirituality, the divine, and the sacred, how this affects the way human beings relate to one another and with the natural world. Such global perspectives, rooted in one’s own traditions, are more than ever crucial for leadership. Students can choose among three disciplinary tracks: Philosophy, Religious Studies, and Public Policy.

[P0272] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Cultures and Movements with tracks in Cultural Anthropology, Sociology and World History | Page 111
Culture and movements are two interdependent areas of inquiry studied across the social sciences that have implications for understanding contemporary public discourse, policy debates, and current events. Culture refers to the ways people act and interact, the material objects that shape their lives, the social and political organizations that shape social action, and how these change over time. Nearly every human action is shaped in some way by the cultural context in which it is embedded. Movements refer to the interactions and dynamics of practices, values, beliefs, economic systems and institutions over time and include—but are not limited to—social, political, and economic changes that reflect where a society has been and that shape where it may go in the future. Cultural perspectives are uniquely positioned to shed light on movements by providing insight into how movements are shaped by—and how they shape—the broader society in which they occur. Cultural perspectives also contribute to understanding movements by clarifying the internal functioning of the social organizations that create and are changed by movements. This major has three tracks, Cultural Anthropology, Sociology, and World History, each of which provides students the opportunities for academic study and applied research and practice. Students in this major will be exposed to interdisciplinary approaches to both theoretical understanding of culture and movements and the methods used to study related issues. Theoretical approaches include individual-centered, pragmatist, structuralism, cognitive, and political orientations. Methodological approaches incorporate ethnographic, survey research, network analysis, computational, and other approaches. By their senior year, students will have the skills to read cutting-edge research in this interdisciplinary field and will be equipped to compete for jobs with policy organizations, corporations, NGOs, and other top employers. They will also be well- prepared to apply to graduate programs in the social sciences, public policy, history, and management.

[P0365] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Institutions and Governance with tracks in Economics, Political Science, and Public Policy | Page 165
The Institutions and Governance major enables students to study the formal and informal rules that societies use to govern themselves at the local, national, and global levels. By focusing on institutions and governance as a guiding framework, students can better understand the dynamics of wealth and poverty, innovation versus technological/economic stagnation, and stability versus turmoil in different states and societies. Students in this major will be exposed to the deep political science, economic, sociological, historical and anthropological explorations of institutional designs in a variety of constructs, such as governments, interest groups and social movements, media, and religion, among others. By their senior year, students will be able to speak authoritatively on the comparative theory of institutions, the history of institutional and policy development, the drivers of institutional change, and distributional effects of institutional choices. Particular attention will be paid to the challenges of governance, such as the processes and structures that societies adopt to manage their collective affairs, with an emphasis on the implementation and evaluation of government programs. The world is more and more interconnected at a variety of levels and students are going to need a better understanding of the institutions that govern this global integration. The more that students can identify, analyze and engage with global institutions and understand their governing processes, the more they will be able to navigate these complexities. This focus in Institutions and Governance will prepare students for a variety of careers requiring expertise in public administration, international development, political risk analysis, multinational investment and work in the non- profit sector at both the domestic and international levels. Students can choose among three disciplinary tracks: Economics, Political Science, or Public Policy.

[P0342] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Global Cultural Studies with tracks in World History and World Literature | Page 152
Cultural Studies is an interdisciplinary field of research and teaching that investigates the forms of life and culture produced in today’s interconnected world. Combining the strengths of the social sciences and the humanities, and drawing on methods and theories from literary studies, cultural anthropology, history, sociology, media studies, film studies, communications, economics, etc., Cultural Studies explores ways in which “culture” creates and transforms individual experiences, everyday life, social relations and power. With its attentiveness to power relations, hegemony, inequality and diversity, Cultural Studies has a productive role to play in building a better world. Put simply, Cultural Studies is not just an abstract academic field but a production of knowledge that has real world implications. Focusing on the practical and theoretical issues arising from cross-cultural encounters around the world, Cultural Studies examines conventional cultural products (literature, history, film, visual art, music, social media, new technology, etc.) and also their broader political and social contexts (colonialism, modernity, capitalism, etc.). In today's era of economic globalization and neoliberal restructuring, the language of culture is increasingly heard in debates about issues as diverse as nationalism, political conflicts, human rights, immigration, trade, the environment, media, history, literacy, and education. In the new millennium, increasing students’ capacity to live with and understand the heterogeneity and flux that characterize global flows of people, culture, and capital is of paramount importance. The major in Global Cultural Studies has tracks in World Literature and in World History and imparts students with skills and competency in critical thinking, cultural analysis, and communication for careers in education, creative industry, NGOs and international business and law.

[P0428] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | US Studies with tracks in American History, American Literature, Political Science, and Public Policy | Page 207
America is a unique experiment in self-governance, economic formation, and cultural production. It is rooted in Puritan settlement and the American Revolution and has been reshaped from the beginning by racial, religious, regional, linguistic, and sexual minorities upwardly mobile and on- the-make. U.S. nationality therefore includes both patriotic nationalism and pointed dissent. There is also a long history to U.S. connections with Asia and of Asian—especially Chinese—impact on the United States, which is now taking on ever greater force as China and the United States engage on the global stage. US Studies fosters understanding of the ideas, cultures, art, institutions, aspirations, and realities that have played an important role in the development of American society and public life. Particular attention is paid to core ideas of American citizenship and to the ways in which institutions have facilitated and constrained efforts by marginalized groups to achieve full citizenship. U.S. Studies is therefore both an appreciation and a critique. It captures the utopian impulse in the American narrative, its far-reaching and inspiring vision, and its many successes including the achievement of a revelatory ironic and self-critical literature. It also examines ideas of nationhood that transcend national boundaries and forms of nationalist ideology that have produced anti-nationalist dissent. The courses offered in the program examine the formation of historical, philosophical, religious, social, artistic and political traditions that shape American political thought, institutions, culture and literature. Students can choose among four disciplinary tracks with the overall US Studies major: American History, American Literature, Political Science, and Public Policy.

[P0772] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Literature (LIT) | Page 312
The United States of America is founded on the idea of universal equality with respect to moral worth and fundamental rights. This radical idea, which had no precedent in history, has always been fundamental to America’s self-understanding and to its singular place in the community of nations. And yet, the concept of “otherness” has never been far from the surface in American political and cultural life. An official ideology of equality has never been able to eliminate real inequalities and exclusions that have produced, for some, feelings of entitlement or special distinction, and for many others, feelings of solitude, exclusion, or powerlessness. A sense of singularity, non-belongingness, apartness, or exceptionalness characterizes many of the most distinctive aspects of American culture. This tension between what America claims to stand for— a harmonious society in which everyone has equal moral worth and equal rights—and the reality of daily life for those who feel for whatever reason that they stand apart from the whole will be the subject matter of this course. This subject will be approached by reading foundational texts in which the ideology of equality is articulated, and by considering a wide range of other materials in which this ideology is explored, tested, or challenged.

[P0025] Part 2: A Liberal Arts Education at Duke Kunshan University | Animating Principles | Unclassified | Page 15
• Rooted Globalism: To cultivate informed and engaged citizens who are knowledgeable about each other’s histories, traditions of thought and affiliations; and skilled in navigating among local, national and global identities and commitments. • Collaborative Problem-Solving: To instill the habits of collaboration and the ability to synthesize disparate insights in solving complex challenges. • Research and Practice: To enhance the ability to forge links between theory and practice in the many-sided and rapidly changing world of human need. • Lucid Communication: To develop the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, and to listen attentively to different viewpoints in coming to mature judgments. • Independence and Creativity: To nurture free inquiry, deep reflection and a drive to ask interesting questions and find compelling answers. • Wise Leadership: To shape thinkers and doers who possess the moral compass to guide communities and institutions toward a common good and who have the wisdom and technical competence to deal effectively with complexity. • A Purposeful Life: To form reflective scholars who test their core beliefs, connect their course of study to big questions of meaning, and who build the capacity for lifelong learning and exploration.

[P0373] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Institutions and Governance with tracks in Economics, Political Science, and Public Policy | Page 170
Course Code Course Name Course Credit POLSCI 102 Social Choice and Democracy 4 POLSCI 105 Contemporary Political Ideologies 2 POLECON 105 China and the Global South 2 POLSCI 106 Political Rhetoric, Crisis, and Leadership 2 ETHLDR 108 Democracy and Inclusion: Hopes, Prospects, Dilemmas 2 WOC 201 Academic Writing 1: Argumentation Across Disciplines 2 HIST 202 World History and Global Interactions 4 POLECON 202 The Politics of International Economic Relations: America in the World Economy 4 GCHINA 202 Modern Chinese Politics 4 POLSCI 204 The U.S. Constitution and its Critics 4 CULMOVE 206 Ethnic and Religious Diversity in the Middle East 4 POLSCI 208 Political and Social Inequality 4 POLSCI 209 Democratic Erosion 2 POLSCI 210 International Relations in East Asia 4 POLECON 211 Risk Analysis and Forecasting 2 POLSCI 211/LIT 211 Politics and Literature 4 POLSCI 212 Pathologies of Modern Society: Foundational Ideas 4 POLSCI 213 Populism 2 CULANTH 214/ POLSCI 214 Authoritarianism and the Struggle for Democracy in Latin America 4 POLSCI 216 War and Peace: Foundations of the International Political Order 2

[P0801] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Literature (LIT) | Page 318
A study of the works and dramatized presence of any number of iconic figures on America’s cultural stage, which varies each term according to the expertise of the instructor. The course could have a pre-Revolutionary focus, treating semi-mythic figures such as Bradford, Wild Bill Hickock, Pocohantas, Morton, Adams and Hamilton. It might look at mid-19th century such as Andrew Jackson, Sitting Bull, Abraham Lincoln, John Brown, Fanny Fern, Thomas Dartmouth Rice, “Little Eva,” “Stagger Lee,” and “John Henry.” Or it will focus on more recent icons, from Teddy Roosevelt, Harry Houdini, Bessie Smith, Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington, Valentino, and Mae West in the early decades to Billie Holiday, Frank Sinatra, and Judy Garland (to cite only the singers) at mid-century to Kennedy, Malcolm X, and Martin Luther King in the sixties (to cite only the politicos) or even Madonna, Tupac, Gaga, Beyoncé and Kendrick Lamar (back to the musicians). A study of the interplay among their arts, their celebrity personae, and their impact on ethnic, national, and international scenes.

[P0787] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Literature (LIT) | Page 315
What if humans had the power to create intelligent life. What would they do with that power? What would such creatures be like? These questions have captivated the imagination of storytellers for thousands of years. Prometheus stole the power to create life from the Greek gods. The Rabbi of Prague brought a clay creature to life with magical incantations. Frankenstein accomplished it with science on the operating table. And computer programmers try to build such creatures with AI technology. In stories, the end is always the same: the creature gets out of control, it threatens its creator and needs to be subdued. In this course, we will read stories of human effort to bring to life their own creations. We will discuss the literary features of such fantastical creations as the Golem, Frankenstein’s monster, Androids and AI. Over the term we will come to appreciate the human desires and fantasies associated with this figure, and ask what these robots and monsters can tell us about our own humanity.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

CLUSTER 3
Passages: 175
TF-IDF terms: university, duke, credit, student, term, credits, students, academic, placement, kunshan

[P0142] Part 6: Academic Procedures and Information | Grading and Grade Requirements | Credit/No Credit (CR/NC) Grading System for the Classes of 2022-2024 | Page 53
In order to encourage students to explore the richness and variety of Duke Kunshan University’s curricular offerings without worrying unduly about grades, students may elect to take up to four credits each term and summer session on a Credit/No Credit basis. No more than sixteen credits (in either two-credit or four-credit courses) towards the 136 credits requirement may be taken on a Credit/No Credit basis. The limit of sixteen credits does not apply to courses that are only offered on the Credit/No Credit basis. All students will register for regular graded courses on a graded basis, and faculty will assign regular grades throughout the term, as well as a final grade for the course. However, a student may elect to change the grading basis to Credit/No Credit at any time up until the end of the Drop/Add period of the first session of the subsequent term in which the student is enrolled, with the exception of students in their graduating term, who must elect to change the grading basis within 24 hours after the grades are posted. In the fall or spring term, a student must be enrolled in no less than a normal course load of 16 credits to be approved to change the grading basis of a course to CR/NC. In order to receive a CR (Credit), a student must have received a grade of C- or better in the course. A grade of D+ or below will be reflected on the transcript as NC (No Credit). Neither CR nor NC will be factored into the grade point average. Students who receive NC will receive no credit for the course and will be ineligible for Dean’s List in that term. Students who receive CR may still be eligible for the dean’s list if they have completed at least 16 credits for a regularly assigned grade (see section on Dean’s List). In determining whether a student should be placed on academic warning, probation or suspended for academic reasons, a grade of NC earned in a course (other than PE courses), whether that course is offered only on the CR/NC basis or the student elects to take it on the CR/NC basis, is considered equivalent to a grade of F. In their first year (two terms), students may use up to eight of the sixteen CR/NC credits for any course, up to a maximum of 4 credits per term. For students in their 3rd term and beyond, CHINESE 201A-B and CHINESE 202A-B may also be taken on a CR/NC basis. Courses taken on a CR/NC basis from the 3rd term onward (except those courses offered only on this basis and the previously mentioned 200-level Chinese language courses) do not count toward general education requirements or any other degree requirements (major, including prerequisites), unless by special permission from the Office of Undergraduate Studies. For students in any year, courses in which a CR is earned do count toward the requirement for 136 credits and term credit requirements. A student who has taken a course on a CR/NC basis and earned a CR may not retake the course. A course for which a grade of NC is assigned cannot be used to satisfy the prerequisite for another course, even if the original grade was a passing grade (D+, D, or D-). A student may not use a CR/NC option on a course being taken for a second (or more) time. (See section on Credit/No Credit (CR/NC) Grading System.) With the exception of study at Duke University, students studying abroad may not receive credit for courses taken on a CR/NC (or Pass/Fail or Satisfactory/Unsatisfactory) basis. Courses taken while a DKU student is studying away at Duke University may be taken on a Duke Satisfactory/Unsatisfactory basis, subject to Duke’s processes, regulations and deadlines – which

[P0166] Part 6: Academic Procedures and Information | Changes in Status | Leave of Absence | Page 62
A medical leave of absence with proper documentation may be granted at any time but with one restriction. Students requesting a medical leave of absence during a current term must file the leave of absence forms with the Office of Undergraduate Studies prior to the end of the last day of classes of that term. Students who request a medical leave of absence for a current term and submit their leave request prior to the last day of classes will be assigned W in lieu of a regular grade for each course. Students taking a medical leave of absence during the final four weeks of classes for 14- week long courses and the final two weeks of classes for 7-week long courses will have the option, upon obtaining the appropriate approvals from the instructor, to choose to receive the grade of I in one or more courses instead of the W grade. The student may then complete the course as described in the section on Incomplete Coursework. In most cases, students electing to take a medical leave of absence will be expected to remain on medical leave of absence through the following fall or spring term. Refunding will follow that of voluntary withdrawal. A medical leave of absence will not be retroactively granted for a term for which the last day of classes has already occurred. Students returning from a medical leave of absence, at the discretion of university officials, may not be allowed to participate in university programs such as, but not limited to, study abroad for the term immediately following their return to active status. Students called to military service can request a leave of absence as early as the first term in the first year. If the leave of absence starts from the first term in their freshmen year, students should first complete all the new student registration procedures before applying for a leave of absence. A student may receive transfer credit for no more than two courses, up to a maximum of 8 credits, taken at another accredited four-year institution in the US or similarly accredited institution abroad and with a liberal arts and general education curriculum while on leave of absence for personal or medical reasons. Return from any type of leave of absence, including suspension or an involuntary leave of absence, is contingent upon approval of a Return from Leave of Absence application. The deadlines to file such applications, including all supporting materials, are 5:00 p.m. May 1 (BJT) for Fall Term and 5:00 p.m. October 15 (BJT) for Spring Term. Late or incomplete applications will not be accepted. The University reserves the right to request necessary documentation and have conversations with appropriate parties, determined on a case-by-case basis, to confirm that the student is qualified and/or ready for return. Registration information will be provided by the university registrar to all students who are approved to return from a leave of absence. All returning students must register prior to the first day of classes for the term of intended enrollment. Students who are scheduled to return from leave of absence who fail to apply to return from leave of absence, extend their leave of absence, voluntarily withdraw from the university, or register for courses by the end of drop/add of the term they are expected back will be administratively withdrawn from the university and must apply for readmission if they wish to return. Students who undertake independent study under Duke Kunshan University supervision and for Duke Kunshan University credit are not on leave of absence even if studying elsewhere.

[P0145] Part 6: Academic Procedures and Information | Grading and Grade Requirements | The W and WA Designations | Page 55
In their first year (two terms, 4 sessions), students may use the CR/NC credits for any course, up to a maximum of 4 credits per session. For students in their 3rd term and beyond, CHINESE 201A- B and CHINESE 202A-B may also be taken on a CR/NC basis. Courses taken on a CR/NC basis from the 3rd term onward (except those courses offered only on this basis and the previously mentioned 200-level Chinese language courses) may not count toward general education requirements or any other degree requirements (major, including prerequisites), unless by special permission from the Dean of Undergraduate Studies or designee. For students in any year, courses in which a CR is earned do count toward the requirement for 136 credits and term credit requirements. A student who has taken a course on a CR/NC basis and earned a CR may not retake the course. A course for which a grade of NC is assigned cannot be used to satisfy the prerequisite for another course, even if the original grade was a passing grade (D+, D, or D-). A student may not use a CR/NC option on a course being taken for a second (or more) time. (See section on Credit/No Credit (CR/NC) Grading System.) With the exception of study at Duke University, students studying abroad may not receive credit for courses taken on a CR/NC (or Pass/Fail or Satisfactory/Unsatisfactory) basis. Courses taken while a DKU student is studying away at Duke University may be taken on a Duke Satisfactory/Unsatisfactory basis, subject to Duke’s processes, regulations and deadlines – which may differ from those at DKU. Courses taken at Duke on a S/U basis will transfer back to DKU and be recorded using DKU’s CR/NC system. Such courses will be subject to all regulations and limitations stated for the DKU CR/NC policy in the DKU Bulletin, including all restrictions on the number of credits and which courses can be taken on this basis. Students declaring S/U at Duke are required to consult their DKU academic advisor to ensure that they will be using a DKU CR/NC option in an appropriate manner. Students who use S/U on a Duke course that cannot be transferred over as CR/NC at DKU will not earn credits for the course and may be ineligible to retake it at either institution. The change of grading basis to CR/NC can be done through filing a form with the registrar, but students need to get approval from their advisors. Students who receive a NC (by changing a grade of D+ or below) should be mindful of term credit requirements, e.g. that they may be subject to academic warning (see section on Progress Toward Graduation), or that they may have to take an extra course a later term or during the summer in order to ensure that they graduate on time. Once a student has notified the registrar to change the grading basis to CR/NC, it may not be changed back to a regular grade. Students are especially encouraged to make use of the CR/NC option in their first year to take courses they feel might lie outside of their areas of perceived interest, strength, or expertise.

[P0199] Part 8: Career Services, Study Away, and Research Opportunities | Office of Global Education and Study Away | Unclassified | Page 75
It should be noted that such costs are higher than at Duke Kunshan. Currently, the total cost for one regular term at Duke (including housing, dining plan, insurance, and student fees) is estimated at USD $13,500; this does not include visa and travel expenses. Students are responsible for the full costs of all summer programs, including those at Duke; DKU merit scholarships and/or financial aid cannot be used to cover the cost of summer programs. The cost of a summer term at Duke including tuition is currently calculated to be approximately USD $9,500 for international students and RMB 63,000 for Chinese students (students who choose courses with science labs will pay approximately USD $1,000 more for one science course). Detailed cost breakdowns for study at Duke are available in the Sakai Site. Note: US Federal Financial Aid cannot be applied towards costs at Duke University. The use of other scholarships or financial aid towards Duke costs should be verified in advance. Other Study Away Programs DKU maintains an active list of preapproved study away opportunities that include exchange partnerships, direct enrollment in universities, and provider-based programs. Students may have the option of individually petitioning to participate in a program on the basis of academic interests or needs that are not represented among preapproved programs. Students must receive approval in advance for both the program and individual courses. Although financial accessibility is considered in the range of programs that are preapproved, costs vary significantly by geographical region of study and program type, and are the full responsibility of the student. With the exception of approved exchange partnerships (where tuition is paid to DKU, and housing/program fees are paid to the host institution), DKU merit scholarships and/or financial aid cannot be used to cover the cost. Students may seek additional information on financial planning for study away opportunities and advice for researching program costs on the Office of Global Education website, or by arranging an individual advising session with the Office. Students assume full responsibility for their own financial commitments and payments for programs, whether they are preapproved or approved by petition (including but not limited to deposits, tuition, housing, cost of living, and other program fees). Course Approval and Credit Transfer Students may transfer up to a maximum of 40 credits taken outside of the Duke Kunshan University campus, including advanced placement credits. A maximum of 8 credits may be from coursework undertaken while on voluntary leave of absence for personal or medical reasons. No credit will be accepted for coursework taken while a Duke Kunshan University student is withdrawn, suspended, or on involuntary leave of absence. All courses must be pre-approved for transfer credit. Policies and procedures for course approvals are available from the Office of Global Education. (See also Transfer of Work Taken Elsewhere, Part 6.) For courses taken at Duke University: All grades earned at Duke University are entered on the official record at Duke Kunshan University and are used in determining the grade point average. Courses taken while a DKU student is studying away at Duke University may be taken on a Duke Satisfactory/Unsatisfactory basis, subject to Duke’s processes, regulations and deadlines – which

[P0198] Part 8: Career Services, Study Away, and Research Opportunities | Office of Global Education and Study Away | Unclassified | Page 74
away are not eligible to study away. Students accepted into study away programs who are then placed on academic or conduct probation may be liable for the program costs, even if they withdraw from the program. Students should refer to the "DKU Global Education Sakai Site" for complete eligibility requirements. Students who do not meet the eligibility requirements may not study away. All students who study away must sign the appropriate legal documents before departure. Students may not apply for study away while on Leave of Absence or academic suspension. Students should contact the Office of Global Education upon return to campus. Students may not take summer courses that conflict with Military Training and/or the summer Chinese Society and Culture courses. Study Away Opportunities DKU maintains a rich network of opportunities for global learning. Programs around the world include the option of studying at Duke University and a wide variety of international exchanges, university direct enrollment programs, and provider-based programs. Regardless of the program type or location, students must first start their search and application process with the DKU Office of Global Education. Students should refer to the Office of Global Education website for the most up-to-date information on advising for global learning experiences, preapproved program lists, application processes, and credit-transfer processes. Study Away at Duke University Eligible students will have the opportunity to attend Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, in either the fall or spring term of their junior year. The Office of Global Education will take into account individual timing (fall/spring term) preferences. However, students may not be admitted to preferred terms due to capacity limitations. Students will also have the option to attend Duke Summer Session. Normally, students would be encouraged to take the summer session either immediately before or after their junior-year term assignment. Students will be able to choose from a wide range of course options at Duke. They will also have access to extra- and co-curricular activities and clubs, as well as other student services on campus. While at Duke, students must abide by Duke's policies and procedures. Please see the Duke University website (https://dukekunshanprograms.duke.edu/welcome) for more details. Students interested in programs or events offered by departments or academic divisions at Duke University, including but not limited to Duke Immerse, Duke BASS Connection, or summer research programs, should consult with both the DKU Office of Global Education and Duke Office of DKU Relations (dkurelations@duke.edu) before applying. Students who are interested in marine biology or oceanography may also have the opportunity to study at the Duke Marine Lab for fall term and/or a six-week summer term II before the junior fall term. Students studying at Duke University during the term will pay the same tuition they would have paid for a term at DKU, with the same merit scholarship and/or financial aid. Students will be required to cover all other costs, including housing, board, insurance, travel, and living expenses.

[P0056] Part 3: The Curriculum | Degree Requirements | Credits Required for Degree | Page 25
Class of 2022: For students from the Chinese mainland, the credit-bearing requirements specified by the education administration authorities of China are: (1) Chinese Society and Culture courses (16 credits in total); (2) Military training (2 credits); (3) Eight half-credit physical education courses (4 credits in total, 2 of which can count toward the 136 credits for the Duke degree), and passing the physical proficiency test set by Ministry of Education of China. The total required credits is 156, inclusive of the 136 credits required for all students. Students from Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan must meet the same requirements as those from the Chinese mainland. However, they may substitute the military training credits with credits from specific designated Chinese studies courses, or they can voluntarily take military training to get the corresponding credits. Class of 2023 and Beyond: For students from the Chinese mainland, the credit-bearing requirements specified by the education administration authorities of China are: (1) Chinese Society and Culture courses (16 credits in total); (2) Military training (4 credits); (3) Eight half-credit physical education courses (4 credits in total, 2 of which can count toward the 136 credits for the Duke degree), and passing the physical proficiency test set by Ministry of Education of China. The total required credits is 158, inclusive of the 136 credits required for all students. Students from Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan must meet the same requirements as those from the Chinese mainland. However, they may substitute the military training credits with credits from specific designated Chinese studies courses, or they can voluntarily take military training to get the corresponding credits. Course Credits Course credit at Duke Kunshan University follows the same standard as Duke University in terms of instruction hours and out-of-class study hours. Of the 136 credits required for a Duke University degree, a maximum of 8 credits passed with a D grade (D, D+, D-) can be used toward the 136 credits requirement. The 136 credits may include (1) no more than 2 credits in physical education activity courses (i.e., four half-credit activity courses); (2) no more than eight elected credits taken on a Credit/No Credit grading basis (not including courses offered only on that basis); (3) no more than 40 credits combining any allowable transfer credits including AP/IPC, transfer credits for study abroad, etc.; and (4) no more than Duke Kunshan University equivalent of 24 credits in graduate and professional school courses not listed in the Duke Kunshan University Undergraduate Programs Bulletin. These courses include all courses offered by Duke Kunshan University graduate programs, Duke schools of business, law, divinity, nursing, and all graduate courses numbered 700 and above. These courses are generally not open to undergraduates and require special permission to enroll. For limitations on transfer credit and Advanced Placement credit, see the sections on “Advanced Placement” and “Transfer of Work Taken Elsewhere” in Part 6: “Academic Procedures and Information”.

[P0123] Part 6: Academic Procedures and Information | Course Audit | Unclassified | Page 47
but who wish to repeat it to improve that grade and their GPA may do so only with permission from both their academic advisor and the Dean of Undergraduate Studies or designee. A student may NOT repeat a course for which the grade of record is CR, regardless of what the original grade was. The student should appeal in writing to their academic advisor, who will make a recommendation to the Dean of Undergraduate Studies, whose decision is final. The grade earned in the repeated course as well as the grade earned originally appear on the transcript, the former identified as a repeat; both grades count in the grade point average, but the credit for only one counts toward the required number of courses for term credit requirements and the 136 credits required for graduation. A student may not use a CR/NC option on a course being taken for a second (or more) time. (See section on Credit/No Credit (CR/NC) Grading System.) A student may not repeat a course after having passed another course for which the original course is a specific prerequisite. Except in the rare case of a successful petition to repeat a DKU course at Duke or a Duke course at DKU, a student may not substitute a different course or a course taken at another institution for a repeat of a course taken at Duke Kunshan University. If a student repeats a course at another institution, the credits will not transfer; the previous DKU grade will not change and will remain in the student's GPA calculation. A course taken at another institution with a grade of C- or above and not transferred to Duke Kunshan University may not be repeated at Duke Kunshan University. If it is determined such a course has been taken elsewhere and repeated at Duke Kunshan University, the Duke Kunshan University course will be removed from the academic record. A course previously passed at another educational institution, however, may be audited at Duke Kunshan University. If the student wishes to repeat a course for a second time, that individual must submit an appeal in writing to their assigned academic advisor explaining the purpose of repeating the course and outlining a plan of study, including a plan to seek help from either the professor and/or the Academic Resource Center to demonstrate intention to improve their chance of passing the course. The advisor will make a recommendation to the Dean of Undergraduate Studies or designee, whose decision whether or not to grant permission is final. The course will count only once towards the 136 credits required for graduation and for fulfillment of term credit requirements. Certain courses as designated in the course description (such as Research Independent Study, certain WOC courses, and applied music courses) may be repeated for credit without special permission.

[P0200] Part 8: Career Services, Study Away, and Research Opportunities | Office of Global Education and Study Away | Unclassified | Page 76
may differ from those at DKU. Courses taken at Duke on a S/U basis will transfer back to DKU and be recorded using DKU’s CR/NC system. Such courses will be subject to all regulations and limitations stated for the DKU CR/NC policy in the DKU Bulletin, including all restrictions on the number of credits and which courses can be taken on this basis. Students declaring S/U at Duke are required to consult their DKU academic advisor to ensure that they will be using a DKU CR/NC option in an appropriate manner. Students who use S/U on a Duke course that cannot be transferred over as CR/NC at DKU will not earn credits for the course and may be ineligible to retake it at either institution. For courses taken at universities other than Duke University: Transfer of academic credit from non- Duke host institutions or programs is neither automatic nor guaranteed. Students should approach course planning carefully and thoroughly familiarize themselves with advising materials and the course approval and transfer process detailed in the Office of Global Education website and Sakai site. Students should complete the course approval process before committing to attend any program. Most courses taken on study away programs are eligible to transfer to DKU as general elective credits, although suitable courses may be submitted for review as full equivalencies or thematic area equivalencies that fulfill major requirements. Only courses taken in which grades of C- or better have been earned are acceptable for transfer credit; courses taken at other institutions with CR/NC grading or the equivalent are not accepted for transfer credit. Students must be able to submit an official transcript, with credits and grades provided by the host institution to the Office of Registrar, DKU. All courses approved for transfer are listed on the student’s permanent record at Duke Kunshan University, but grades earned are not recorded or used in determining the grade point average. Insurance Students are required to have insurance that covers them on-site while studying away. Medical costs and insurance fees/coverage vary by country; students and parents are ultimately responsible for their own medical coverage, and should carefully research and consider their needs throughout participation in a program. Some programs require proof of insurance separately, and others include insurance coverage in program participation fees. Visas Although most programs provide assistance or advice for arranging visas, students ultimately bear responsibility for understanding immigration policies for students in their study away countries, and for ensuring they are compliant with local immigration policy and laws. Similarly, students should research and understand all immigration policies related to their successful return to their home countries and/or DKU following their study away experience.

[P0133] Part 6: Academic Procedures and Information | Incomplete Coursework and Excused Absence from Final Exam | Unclassified | Page 50
If, because of illness, emergency, or circumstances outside a student’s reasonable control, a student cannot complete work for a course or cannot attend the final examination, the student may request in writing to the instructor the assignment of an I (incomplete) for the course. The student is expected to also discuss the I grade with their academic advisor. An incomplete grade will not be authorized if the student has a history of excessive absences or failure to complete coursework in a timely fashion in the course in question. If the request for an incomplete (I) grade is approved by the instructor in the course, then the student must satisfactorily complete the work by the last class day of the fifth week of the subsequent seven-week session except when an earlier deadline has been established by the instructor. An earlier deadline will be established when there is a question of the student’s ability to clear their academic probation and meet term continuation requirements, or the professor decides an earlier deadline date is appropriate. An I assigned in the second session of fall or spring must be resolved in the first session of the succeeding spring or fall term, respectively. An I assigned in the summer must be resolved in the succeeding fall term. If the I is not completed by the deadline, it will convert to an F and be reported to the Office of the Registrar. A student who is not enrolled in the university, including a student who experiences a voluntary or involuntary separation, withdrawal, or leave of absence from Duke Kunshan University in the session following receipt of an I, or who is studying away during the session following receipt of an I must still clear the I by the designated deadline. Students may not complete work in a course after graduation. Once recorded, a notation of the I will remain permanently on the student’s record, even after the final grade is assigned for the course. In addition, an I cancels eligibility for Dean’s List and Dean’s List with Distinction in the semester in which the I grade was issued. For purposes of determining satisfactory progress each term and toward graduation, incomplete work in a course indicated by a grade of I is not presumed to be satisfactory performance in that course. Because a grade of I is not presumed to be satisfactory performance, a course with an unresolved I grade may not be used to fulfill a pre-requisite requirement. A student registered for

[P0155] Part 6: Academic Procedures and Information | Academic Warning, Probation, and Suspension for Students in the Classes of 2022-2024 | Academic Suspension | Page 58
including DDD or DF (as long as 12 credits have been passed in that term); and during two consecutive spring/fall terms, grades including DDDD, DDDF, or DDFF. In a case where probation may be in question because of an incomplete grade, the student will be notified by the Office of the Registrar of the need to have the incomplete replaced by a satisfactory grade in order to avoid academic probation. That is, the satisfactory final grade must be sufficient to avoid the combination of D and F grades that would result in academic probation, as described above. The probation status will be reflected on those academic records used for internal purposes only. Students placed on academic probation must acknowledge their probationary status in writing to the Office of Undergraduate Studies in order to continue at the University. They are also required to meet with the Director for Academic Advising or designee and are expected to seek assistance from campus resources, have their course selection approved by their advisors and meet periodically with a designated academic coach. They may not study away during the probation period. Students are expected to clear their probationary status during the term of probation. In order to do so, they must enroll in 16 credits (plus up to one PE credit), of which no more than 4 credits may be taken on a Credit/No Credit basis. Grades of C, CR, or better must be earned in each course, or a C average must be achieved in that term. Probationary status cannot be cleared in a term in which students seek permission and are allowed to withdraw to an underload. In such cases, the probationary status continues through the next fall or spring term of enrollment. Students who clear their probationary status by earning a C average in the term but also earn grades that would result in academic probation as described above will continue their probationary status through the next term of enrollment. Students on probation, whether in a normal load or an underload, are required to earn grades of C, CR, or better in each course, or achieve a C average in that term. Students whose probationary status continues to a second term for reason of an underload must adhere to the conditions and standards previously outlined for clearing probation. Failure to do so will result in academic suspension.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

CLUSTER 4
Passages: 118
TF-IDF terms: chinese, china, course, students, world, history, skills, cultural, social, asia

[P0327] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Global China Studies with tracks in Chinese History, Economics, Philosophy, Political Science and Religious Studies | Page 141
This major prepares students to engage, work with, and understand China in the twenty-first century. It provides students with opportunities to gain deep historical knowledge of China in the ancient, pre-modern, and modern periods, while focusing on the place and impact of China in the world—past, present, and future. Students will be exposed to debates about China’s philosophical traditions and their force in shaping China’s history and present; the political dynamics of development, decision-making, and grassroots protest; the importance of religion, entrepreneurialism, innovation, and social networks in China and beyond its borders; and the role of digital media, visual culture, and the internet in everyday social, economic and political life. This major recognizes that China has continually had a global presence for many centuries, deeply influencing people, cultures, technologies, ecologies and economies elsewhere in our world, and that its influence is now deepening even further as China prepares to become a major player in the realm of global politics and economics. This major will query the meanings of “China” as a nation- state, a region, and culture in a global setting, and provide students with a new set of analytical and critical thinking skills in order to purposefully engage the changing landscape of academics, business, government, policy, and the arts. This major has tracks in Chinese History, Economics, Philosophy, Religious Studies and Political Science. The major in Global China Studies prepares students for a world in which China—and Chinese firms, organizations, and individuals—are at the center of shaping the 21st century. It prepares international students for their lifelong engagement with China: its polity, economy, and society. It prepares Chinese students to navigate the wider world with a firm understanding of their own roots, their unique history and institutions, and the ability to see their own country as others see it. It prepares students for careers in business, the professions, and public service with a foundational knowledge of China’s global role, past, present and future.

[P0350] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Global Cultural Studies with tracks in World History and World Literature | Page 157
Courses listed in the table below are recommended electives for the major and the course list will be updated periodically. Students can also select other courses in different disciplines or divisions as electives. Course Code Course Name Course Credit GCULS 106 Our Cities and Ourselves 2 GCULS 107 Berlin-Paris: Sex, Cigarettes, and the Meaning of Life 2 LIT 107 From Data to Narrative: A Workshop in Non-fiction Writing 2 GCULS 108 Science, Culture, and Politics 2 LIT 109 Writing Stories for Children 2 MEDIART 112 Race on Film 2 MEDIART 114 Film Musicals and Musical Films 2 CULMOVE 115 Displacement and Identity: Stories of Diasporic Migration in China and the World LIT 204 Online Novels and the Chinese Public Sphere 4 LIT 208 From Cool Japan to the Korean Wave: Popular Culture from East Asia 4 LIT 210 Robots and Monsters: Unruly Human Creations in World Literature 4 LIT 211/ POLSCI 211 Politics and Literature 4 LIT 212 Extinctionism: Representing the Survival of the Fittest in Literature and Culture 4 LIT 213 Literature and Global Citizenship 4 MEDIART 215 Documenting City Life 2 GCULS 301 Religion and Sexuality 4 GCULS 303 Chinatowns: A Cultural History 4 GCULS 304 Chinese Culture and Ideology in the 20th Century and Now 4 GCULS 305 Translation for Stage and Screen 4 LIT 306 Melodrama East and West 4

[P0330] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Global China Studies with tracks in Chinese History, Economics, Philosophy, Political Science and Religious Studies | Page 143
Course Code Course Name Course Credit POLECON 105 China and the Global South 2 HIST 108 Shanghai Nightscapes: A Nocturnal History of the City 2 LIT 108 / MEDIART 108 Love and Dreams on the Chinese Stage 2 HIST 109 Everyday Maoism in Objects: Revolution, Culture, and Life 2 CULMOVE 115 Displacement and Identity: Stories of Diasporic Migration in China and the World HIST 117 Sounds and the Chinese City: Live Music Scenes in Urban China 2 HIST 205 Shanghai: From Treaty Port to Global Metropolis 4 HIST 217 / MEDIART 217 Ancient and Imperial Chinese Art 4 HIST 301 China in Global Perspective 1: China and the Silk Roads World: 500-1500 4 HIST 302 China in Global Perspective 2: The Internationalization of Modern China 4 HIST 303 China and the US Comparative 1: The United States and China in War and Revolution 4 HIST 304 China and the US Comparative 2 The World of Universities in China and the United States 4 HIST 305 Special Topics course in History of Chinese Institutions 4 HIST 306 The United States and China in War and Revolution 4 CULANTH 306 Borders, Boundaries and Ethnic Peoples in China 4

[P0420] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Political Economy with tracks in Economics, Political Science, and Public Policy | Page 202
Course Code Course Name Course Credit POLSCI 102 Social Choice and Democracy 4 POLSCI 105 Contemporary Political Ideologies 2 POLECON 105 China and the Global South 2 POLSCI 106 Political Rhetoric, Crisis, and Leadership 2 PUBPOL 106 Urbanizing China: Spatial and Social Dynamics in Chinese Cities 2 ETHLDR 108 Democracy and Inclusion: Hopes, Prospects, Dilemmas 2 WOC 201 Academic Writing 1: Argumentation Across Disciplines 2 GCHINA 202 Modern Chinese Politics 4 HIST 202 World History and Global Interactions 4 POLECON 202 The Politics of International Economic Relations: America in the World Economy 4 POLSCI 204 The U.S. Constitution and its Critics 4 CULMOVE 206 Ethnic and Religious Diversity in the Middle East 4 POLSCI 208 Political and Social Inequality 4 POLSCI 209 Democratic Erosion 2 POLSCI 210 International Relations in East Asia 4 POLSCI 211/ LIT 211 Politics and Literature 4 POLECON 211 Risk Analysis and Forecasting 2 POLSCI 212 Pathologies of Modern Society: Foundational Ideas 4 POLSCI 213 Populism 2 CULANTH 214/ POLSCI 214 Authoritarianism and the Struggle for Democracy in Latin America 4 POLSCI 216 War and Peace: Foundations of the International Political Order 2

[P0270] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Computation and Design with tracks in Computer Science, Digital Media, and Social Policy | Page 109
Course Code Course Name Course Credit Electives related to Urban Design Concentration GCULS 106 Our Cities and Ourselves 2 PUBPOL 106 Urbanizing China: Spatial and Social Dynamics in Chinese Cities 2 HIST 205 Shanghai: From Treaty Port to Global Metropolis 4 INFOSCI 206 Urban Data Visualization and Communication Methods 2 SOCIOL 211 Social Inequality 4 POLSCI 215 The Political History of Modern Architecture: From Revolution through Neoliberalism GCULS 303 Chinatowns: A Cultural History 4 POLSCI 307 Political Economy of Institutions 4 HIST 311 Documenting Durham and the New South 4 INFOSCI 302 Introduction to Geographical Information Science 4 Electives related to Environmental Sustainability Concentration ENVIR 205 Environment, Health, and Development in China 4 INFOSCI 206 Urban Data Visualization and Communication Methods 2 INFOSCI 302 Introduction to Geographical Information Science 4 ECON 311 Economic Analysis of Current Energy Issues 4 ENVIR 401 Energy and Environment Design 4 ENVIR 404/ECON 404 Environmental Justice: The Economics of Race, Place and Pollution Electives related to Global Networks Concentration CULMOVE 201 Migration, Inequality, and Culture 4 SOSC 203 The Social, Political, and Economic Implications of Immigration

[P0017] Part 1: General Information | Duke Kunshan University Community Standard | Unclassified | Page 13
Kunshan is located in the southeastern part of Jiangsu province, a satellite city in the greater Suzhou region and adjacent to Shanghai, two of the most developed metropolitan areas in China. Kunshan is regarded as one of the country's most economically successful county-level administrations. It ranked No 1 in the 25 Best County-level Cities in China study by Forbes China for the ninth year running in 2009. With an immigrant population larger than the number of its permanent residents, Kunshan was winner of the 2010 UN-Habitat Scroll of Honor Award, the most prestigious award given by the United Nations, along with Singapore and Vienna in recognition of work carried out in the field of human settlements development, for the city's innovative approach to granting migrants the right to essential services. It also has received titles and awards such as a National Hygiene City, Excellent Tourism City of China and National Garden City, as well as National Model City of Environment Protection and National Model Zone of Ecology.

[P0560] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Cultural Anthropology (CULANTH) | Page 251
The course provides a critical overview to the anthropology and ethnography of contemporary China. Beginning with the emergence of ethnology in China in the 1920s and 1930s, students will be introduced to some of the key figures in the pre-revolutionary period of China, and the key concepts, theories, and frameworks that emerged during this period in dialogue both with Soviet and British anthropology. The course then turns to the socialist period, and considers early Maoist approaches to the social sciences, and the state project to identify and classify China’s minority nationalities in the 1950s. The post- Mao reform era (1978 to the present) witnesses the globalization of China and the flourishing of a wide range of new kinds of ethnographic projects. This section of the course will pay particular attention to issues of transformations in class, gender, and ethnicity, the study of rural to urban migration, the anthropology of China’s urbanization, environmentalism, commodification and consumption, and the study of development in China’s ethnic border regions.

[P0526] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Chinese Society and Culture (CHSC) | Page 243
This course explores the humanistic spirit inherent in Chinese culture and the forms and changes of historically influential political systems. Topics will be closely linked to two aspects of the humanistic spirit and social institutions. On the one hand, it allows students to understand the philosophical spirit and moral reasoning characteristic of Chinese culture, as well as the Chinese political system along with its changes. On the other hand, it enables students to appreciate the intrinsic spirit of Chinese culture featuring introspection, learning, tolerance and constant change, therefore revealing the internal spiritual forces for China’s social institution reforms as well as the universality and uniqueness of contemporary China’s social, political and legal institutions. This course requires class attendance and a final exam (4 credits), as well as a 5000-word social practice report in Chinese (2 credits). Note that this is a compulsory course for all Chinese mainland and HMT students.

[P0963] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Political Science (POLSCI) | Page 358
What is the story of the United States? What fundamental ideas of America have been formed as a nation and as an empire? Are there connections we can draw between the US today and its past? What relevance does the US have in China historically and in the present day? What place does the US have in the Chinese imagination? In this course, we address these questions by examining a variety of texts, ranging from important founding documents, political speeches, autobiographies, and travelogues to excerpts of American novels. Through class discussions, team projects, and role plays, we will discuss fundamental concepts of America, its past and present, and explore themes such as politics and religion, race and slavery, immigration and identity, women and economics, and education and citizenship. We will also consider how America is being perceived in the world specifically within the Chinese context.

[P0277] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Cultures and Movements with tracks in Cultural Anthropology, Sociology and World History | Page 113
Course Code Course Name Course Credit CULANTH 101 Introduction to Cultural Anthropology 4 CULANTH 105 Sound in Everyday Life; Anthropological Perspectives 4 CULANTH 106 Home, House, and Housing: An Anthropological Exploration of Human Dwellings 4 GCULS 106 Our Cities and Ourselves 2 PUBPOL 106 Urbanizing China: Spatial and Social Dynamics in Chinese Cities 2 CULMOVE 115 Displacement and Identity: Stories of Diasporic Migration in China and the World CULMOVE 206 Ethnic and Religious Diversity in the Middle East 4 CULANTH 209 Globalization and Alternative-Globalizations 4 CULANTH 214/POLSCI 214 Authoritarianism and the Struggle for Democracy in Latin America 4 CULANTH 303 Politics of Food: Land, Labor, Health, and Economics 4 CULANTH 306 Borders, Boundaries and Ethnic Peoples in China 4 SOCIOL 306 Contemporary Population Problems 4 CULANTH 314 /POLSCI 314 Refugees and the Biopolitics of Citizenship 4 HIST 315/ CULANTH 315 Why Be a Bandit? 4

----------------------------------------------------------------------

CLUSTER 5
Passages: 141
TF-IDF terms: math, course, compsci, data, science, prerequisite, calculus, stats, courses, 201

[P0233] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences with tracks in Computer Science and Mathematics | Page 86
The Computer Science track is only available to the Class of 2025 and beyond. We live in an era where the availability of unprecedented amounts of information and computing resources is erasing the traditional boundaries between disciplines. This is creating new opportunities for multidisciplinary teams to actively engage with and to change the world around them. Experts who combine deep disciplinary knowledge in Mathematics and Computer Science with interdisciplinary skills will play a leading role in such multidisciplinary teams. Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences is a highly interdisciplinary field which integrates concepts and principles from Mathematics and Computer Science and applies them to Sciences, Engineering, Humanities, and Business. Its distinctive character is an emphasis on modeling and computational thinking that is firmly based on solid theoretical foundations. The vision of the major in Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences is to educate students who combine world-class disciplinary education with the leadership and communication skills to facilitate interaction with other disciplines, and who can easily adapt to changing circumstances, trends, and societal needs. The major, in coordination with the Zu Chongzhi Center for Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences, tracks the latest developments in academic and industrial research and prepares students for graduate studies and a competitive job market with a combination of skills that are not typically offered in traditional undergraduate Applied Mathematics and Computer Science programs. The major in Applied Mathematics and Computational Sciences aims to let students explore Mathematics and Computer Science at three levels. First, within each discipline, traditional courses help students acquire the necessary foundational theoretical background. Second, at an interdisciplinary level, students explore the relation between the Mathematics track and the Computer Science track through the interaction of mathematical principles and programming in courses such as Numerical Analysis. The two tracks complement each other and integrate their disciplinary perspectives into coherent and distinctive problem-solving approaches. Third, students go beyond strict disciplinary boundaries in several courses that combine mathematical or computer science foundations with applications to other disciplines and applied projects that also prepare students for Signature Work outside their disciplinary boundaries.

[P0258] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Computation and Design with tracks in Computer Science, Digital Media, and Social Policy | Page 100
This major is only available to the Class of 2025 and beyond. Computer science is an intellectually rich and rapidly growing field that has had a profound effect on our society and everyday lives. Today, this field continues to expand in scope and depth and will remain an exciting place to work and learn in coming years. Computer Science majors are in high demand for well- paying jobs in technology, science, business, healthcare, and other sectors. At the same time, the wide- ranging impact of computer science tools and methods demands careful design of the algorithms and systems by which we deploy them, as well as an ability to critique their assumptions and effects in terms of social policy, media and communications, and the arts. The structure of the Computation and Design major combines foundational computer science knowledge with a diverse range of potential applications, which are presented within a wider context of scientific, social, and cultural challenges. Students in this major take five courses in common: Computation, Society and Culture; Computation and Problem Solving, Programming and Data Structures, Modeling and Predicting, and Digital Design. The major offers three distinct disciplinary tracks:

[P0345] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Global Cultural Studies with tracks in World History and World Literature | Page 154
Course Code Course Name Course Credit HIST 201 History Methods and Research 4 And choose one of the following five Pre-Modern World History courses HIST 111 Ancient Roots to Global Routes 4 HIST 112 History of the Indian Ocean World 4 HIST 113 Peoples and Cultures of Ancient South Asia, 3500BCE-1750CE 4 HIST 202 World History and Global Interactions 4 HIST 312 Southeast Asia and the Rise of Global Trade 4 And choose one of the following three Modern World History courses HIST 110 Historical Perspectives on Contemporary Global Issues 4 HIST 313 Southeast Asia from the Age of Imperialism to the Global Cold War 4 HIST 410 The Spice Race: How the Spice Trade shaped our World 4 And a third 4-credit World History course (200-400 level) (i.e., history courses among the electives recommended for this major or other history courses listed under pre-modern or modern World History courses) And one 4-credit non-World History course (100-400 level) (i.e., any history course not listed among the electives recommended for this major) 4

[P0907] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Physics (PHYS) | Page 346
This course is about how to view the world from the perspective of classical mechanics, based on an understanding of the core concepts and theoretical laws. As a science foundation course, it helps students appreciate the elegant simplicity of the universal laws governing the complex systems surrounding us, and it teaches an important approach to identifying, formulating, and solving problems encountered in the physical world. The course begins with the core concepts of classical mechanics ̶ time, space, mass, force, work, energy, momentum ̶ and the physical laws that link them with each other. Students first learn Newton’s laws and the universal law of gravitation as they apply to point mass systems. Subsequently, basic concepts of oscillation and waves, rigid body motion, fluid mechanics, thermodynamics and statistical mechanics are introduced, illustrated with real-life examples (e.g., physics of cooking, biosphere as a thermal engine) to help students integrate

[P1081] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Statistics (STATS) | Page 388
In almost every field, there is a need to draw inference from or make decisions based on data. The goal of this course is to provide an introduction to machine learning that is approachable to diverse disciplines and empowers students to become proficient in the foundational concepts and tools while working with interdisciplinary real-world data. You will learn to (a) structure a machine learning problem, (b) determine which algorithmic tools are applicable to a given problem, (c) apply those algorithmic tools to diverse, interdisciplinary data examples, (d) evaluate the performance of your solution, and (e) how to accurately interpret and communicate your results. This course is a fast-paced, applied introduction to machine learning that arms you with the basic skills you will need in practice to both conduct analyses and effectively communicate your results. Prerequisite(s): MATH 101 or 105, and STATS 101

[P0288] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Data Science | Page 119
Data science is a highly interdisciplinary field. Data Science methodologies are mostly derived from statistics theories. The computational algorithms for implementing these statistical methodologies are based upon numerical computation and optimization, and are often executed on a large-scale hardware platform composed of massive computing units and storage devices. These kinds of data analyses can be applied to a wide range of specific problems across the natural and social sciences and serve as the foundation for artificial intelligence. Data Science can be extensively applied to economics, biology, health care, quantitative social science including global health and environmental science, and humanities (e.g., digital media). Numerous new applications are being discovered, and established techniques are being applied in new ways to solve emerging problems. Meanwhile, a variety of career opportunities are open to students with appropriate training in interdisciplinary data science.

[P1061] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Social Science (SOSC) | Page 382
This course explores the inter-disciplinary field of computational social science, drawing from sociology, computer science, and related disciplines. Students will obtain skills to automate collection of social science data from new sources (Twitter, Facebook, Google, etc.), to classify unstructured data into discrete variables and to analyze them using a combination of techniques that includes screen-scraping, natural language processing and machine learning. Complex ethical and legal issues that arise when working with these novel sources of data. Students develop their imagination about new questions that can be asked with these new data sources. Reading and reproducing exemplary studies produced by computational social scientists. Prerequisites: MATH 101 or 105 and STATS 101; or MATH 205; or Consent of the Instructor

[P0533] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Computer Science (COMPSCI) | Page 245
This seminar is a core component of the interdisciplinary major in Computation and Design. Students will apply to interdisciplinary topics the knowledge and methods of analysis that they have gained in different disciplines. Students will re-connect with the broader community of faculty and students in their major and further develop their capacities to translate between their areas of expertise and the larger questions and issues that apply across a variety of disciplines. The seminar will foster the ability to see their disciplinary knowledge from a wider perspective and to apply it flexibly. Specific topics will vary. This seminar is required for all seniors in the major. Other students may enroll with the permission of the instructor.

[P0605] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Economics (ECON) | Page 262
This is a introductory course in mathematical models in ﬁnance, centered around the problem of pricing and hedging derivative securities. Due to the uncertainty inherent in the evolution of the stock market, the theory naturally involves probabilistic tools and structures such as conditioning, martingales and Markov processes. To focus on the main idea, we will work in discrete-time setting and a simple model so called binomial asset pricing model for most of the course. In addition, we will also discuss a foreign exchange model, an extension of the binomial model with a second currency and derives the Black-Scholes equation. Prerequisite(s): MATH 101 or 105; and MATH 205 or Consent of the Instructor

[P0827] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Mathematics (MATH) | Page 325
This is an introductory course in mathematical models in ﬁnance, centered around the problem of pricing and hedging derivative securities. Due to the uncertainty inherent in the evolution of the stock market, the theory naturally involves probabilistic tools and structures such as conditioning, martingales and Markov processes. To focus on the main idea, we will work in discrete-time setting and a simple model so called binomial asset pricing model for most of the course. In addition, we will also discuss a foreign exchange model, an extension of the binomial model with a second currency and derives the Black-Scholes equation. Prerequisite(s): MATH 101 or 105; and MATH 205 or Consent of the Instructor

----------------------------------------------------------------------

CLUSTER 6
Passages: 153
TF-IDF terms: econ, policy, course, pubpol, health, 101, polsci, environmental, political, economic

[P0248] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Behavioral Science with tracks in Psychology and Neuroscience | Page 93
This major is not available to the Class of 2022. It is available for the Class of 2023 and beyond. The new field of behavioral science seeks to understand how humans think and act within their environments and how policies can shape that behavior. For example, research showing the power of default options on decision making has led to the introduction of “opt-out” policies for decisions like becoming an organ donor or contributing to one’s retirement account, leading to marked increases in participation (e.g., millions of newly eligible organ donors). Across many institutions – governmental, educational, and corporate – effective interventions rely on an understanding of human behavior. Behavioral science has been commonly applied to problems in marketing, health science, financial investing, charitable giving, human factors and environmental design, and education. The twin goals of behavioral science – understanding mechanisms of individual behavior and developing policies that shape that behavior – require students to develop a knowledge base drawn from several disciplines. Empirical behavioral science research draws upon the methods of psychology (and, more recently, neuroscience) to create well-designed experiments and measures. Computational modeling and statistics have become increasingly important for isolating the variables that shape behavior, especially when examining the consequences of large-scale interventions. Applications to policy often require disciplinary knowledge in behavioral economics, political psychology, marketing, or another field. And, considering the implications of new policies benefits from expertise in philosophy and ethics. In summary, an integrated course of study in behavioral science will combine disciplinary knowledge with the abilities to evaluate experimental designs, to draw conclusions from experimental data, and to link concepts across levels of analysis from individual behavior to societal policies. Behavioral science will provide a distinct program of study for DKU undergraduates – one that integrates research approaches and theories currently spread across the social sciences (and some of the natural sciences). Because the most common empirical approaches in sociology, economics, and political science all involve analysis of population-level data (e.g., large panel surveys, census records), students in those majors typically gain expertise working with and evaluating datasets collected by others. Behavioral science provides a complementary approach that develops expertise in experimental methods. To identify the difference between these approaches, consider a student interested in how demography predicts voting behavior. Through a traditional social science major – say, political science or sociology – that student could learn to analyze census data, voting records, and economic variables to create models at the societal level. Or, by choosing to major in Behavioral Science, that same student could conduct laboratory experiments that test predictions about group identity and political affiliation – and then use her findings to design field experiments that manipulate self-identity and measure real-world political preferences. This latter skillset has become increasingly valued by policymakers, who use the methods of behavioral science to guide their social interventions.

[P0689] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Global Health (GLHLTH) | Page 288
This course introduces students to the components of health systems (populations, financing, payment, workforce, service delivery, information, medicines and technologies, governance) as they appear in various health system frameworks, and to the ways in which these components and their combinations vary from country to country around the world. The course focuses on comparisons across countries at the same economic level (high-, middle-, and low-income), as well as on comparisons across levels. The course also considers how to assess health system performance, with attention to how measures of performance are invariably tied to often implicit and varying conceptions of health from country to country and culture to culture. Students will learn about the most significant challenges facing health systems within each economic level and about successes and failures in meeting these challenges with health system reforms. The latter part of the course introduces students to the role of politics and policy in strengthening health systems. Throughout the course, students learn not only about health systems but also about what systems (physical, biological, social) are, how they function, and about how systems thinking can be applied fruitfully to the study of health systems. Prerequisite(s): GLHLTH 101

[P0352] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Global Health with Tracks in Biology and Public Policy | Page 159
The global health major introduces students to global health as an area of study, research, and practice that places a priority on improving health and achieving equity in health for all people worldwide. A synthesis of population-based prevention with individual-level clinical care, global health aims to reduce health disparities through attention to modifiable determinants of health and provision of sustainable health services and human development. As a field of study, global health has emerged from tropical medicine, public health, and international health to encompass the complex transactions between societies that are a defining feature of globalization. Because many global health problems stem from economic, social, environmental, political, and healthcare inequalities, defining these problems and designing solutions is highly interdisciplinary and involves fields that span across health sciences, medicine, and public health, but also that bridge to a broad range of academic fields, including biology, agriculture, anthropology, business, computer science, engineering, environmental sciences, economics, history, law, psychology, public policy, and sociology, among others. To introduce students to this interdisciplinary field, the global health major integrates courses in the natural and social sciences and encourages students to take relevant electives in the humanities.

[P0425] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Political Economy with tracks in Economics, Political Science, and Public Policy | Page 205
Course Code Course Name Course Credit POLECON 105 China and the Global South 2 PUBPOL 106 Urbanizing China: Spatial and Social Dynamics in Chinese Cities 2 POLSCI 107 Political Psychology 2 ETHLDR 108 Democracy and Inclusion: Hopes, Prospects, Dilemmas 2 PUBPOL 120 Globalization and Corporate Citizenship 4 WOC 201 Academic Writing 1: Argumentation Across Disciplines 2 POLSCI 204 The U.S. Constitution and its Critics 4 CULMOVE 206 Ethnic and Religious Diversity in the Middle East 4 PUBPOL 210 Development and Africa 4 POLECON 211 Risk Analysis and Forecasting 2 PUBPOL 211 Globalization and Public Policy 4 PUBPOL 214 Globalization and History 4 POLSCI 214/ CULANTH 214 Authoritarianism and the struggle for democracy in Latin America 4 CULANTH 214/ POLSCI 214 Authoritarianism and the Struggle for Democracy in Latin America 4 POLSCI 219/ PUBPOL 219 The U.S. Legal System: Lawyers, Judges, Lawmakers, & Bureaucrats 4 PUBPOL 220 Introduction to Regulatory Governance 4 SOCIOL 306 Contemporary Population Problems 4 PUBPOL 307 Market Power and Public Policy 4 POLSCI 307 Political Economy of Institutions 4 CULANTH 314/ POLSCI 314 Refugees and the Biopolitics of Citizenship 4 POLSCI 315 American Politics in Comparative Perspective 4

[P0378] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Institutions and Governance with tracks in Economics, Political Science, and Public Policy | Page 173
Course Code Course Name Course Credit POLECON 105 China and the Global South 2 PUBPOL 106 Urbanizing China: Spatial and Social Dynamics in Chinese Cities 2 POLSCI 107 Political Psychology 2 ETHLDR 108 Democracy and Inclusion: Hopes, Prospects, Dilemmas 2 POLSCI 204 The U.S. Constitution and its Critics 4 CULMOVE 206 Ethnic and Religious Diversity in the Middle East 4 POLECON 211 Risk Analysis and Forecasting 2 PUBPOL 213 Authoritarian Regimes 4 POLSCI 213 Populism 2 CULANTH 214/ POLSCI 214 Authoritarianism and the Struggle for Democracy in Latin America 4 POLSCI 219/ PUBPOL 219 The U.S. Legal System: Lawyers, Judges, Lawmakers, & Bureaucrats 4 PUBPOL 220 Introduction to Regulatory Governance 4 PUBPOL 308 Managing the Oceans to Solve Global Problems 4 PUBPOL 309 War and Public Health in Africa 4 PUBPOL 311 Economic and Political History of the European Union 4 CULANTH 314 /POLSCI 314 Refugees and the Biopolitics of Citizenship 4 POLSCI 315 American Politics in Comparative Perspective 4 PUBPOL 316/HIST 316 The Modern Regulatory State 4 PUBPOL 317 Plastic Planet: Pollution and Solutions 4

[P0688] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Global Health (GLHLTH) | Page 288
This course introduces students to the major social factors that affect public health at both the global and national level. Globally, students study a wide range of topics from the health impact of global income inequality, gender, and access to education, to the role of specific work place policies, among other topics. Lectures introduce a social variable (such as race or gender), discuss its theoretical underpinnings, and then link it to the current empirical evidence to health outcomes. Students learn to analyze the strengths and weaknesses of the empirical evidence. The course considers the implications for intervention strategies and policy, with a focus on applicability to lower and middle-income country settings. Students also study how social factors influence health and wellbeing, with a particular focus on national context in specific countries. Topics could include obesity, aging, socioeconomic disadvantage, access to health insurance, public health systems, the role of the media, and racial/ethnic and gender inequalities. The course provides descriptive assessments of health inequalities and analytic examinations of the mechanisms through which social factors affect health.

[P0989] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Political Science (POLSCI) | Page 364
This course provides an overview of the evolving architecture, processes and variable outcomes of global governance. Governance, at whatever level of social organization it occurs, refers to the systems of authoritative rules, norms, institutions, and practices by means of which any collectivity, from the local to the global, manages its common affairs. Global governance is generally defined as an instance of governance in the absence of government. There is no government at the global level: the UN General Assembly is not a global parliament, and Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is not the president of the world. But there is governance, of variable effectiveness. The course is divided into four sections. The first briefly introduces the subject. The second examines the core elements in the traditional architecture of global governance - its institutional and legal foundation. The third surveys emerging trends in that architecture. The fourth (and longest) section explores the key policy processes performed by/in/through global governance, addressing how and why they differ across different issue areas.

[P0413] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Political Economy with tracks in Economics, Political Science, and Public Policy | Page 198
The field of international political economy utilizes an interdisciplinary approach to examine the reciprocal relationships between politics and markets, both within and among countries, employing a variety of analytical and research tools, including those of economics. Its concerns include interactions among economic and political development; cooperation and conflict among nations, groups, and individuals; the distribution of material resources and political/economic power; the effects of political actors and institutions on economic outcomes and vice versa; the causes and consequences of technological change, growth, and globalization; and regulation and global governance. The curriculum will provide students an overview of the changing face of international relations as well as impart to them the critical tools and techniques that inform the study of international political economy. Students will have an opportunity to examine and assess a broad range of global issues using the lens and conceptual frameworks of political economy. Students can choose among the three disciplinary tracks: Economics, Political Science, or Public Policy.

[P1007] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Public Policy (PUBPOL) | Page 369
In this interdisciplinary course, students will examine the multifaceted aspects of "global" disasters. The first segment of the course will examine the science behind the disasters, discuss the range of meteorologic, hydrologic and geologic factors that cause disasters; explore how societies plan for and/or respond to the immediate and long-term physical, social, emotional and spiritual issues associated with survival; and present case studies of response, recovery and reconstruction efforts. In the second phase of the course, some of the most pressing and rapidly evolving economic calamities will be addressed. In the third segment of the course, the focus will shift to political "disasters" and how natural and/or economic events can destabilize a political system. Students will attend the lecture and labs components of the course and complete on-line quizzes to demonstrate understanding of the material presented. Additionally, they will prepare one research paper on a relevant topic, the results of which will be presented to the class.

[P0269] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Computation and Design with tracks in Computer Science, Digital Media, and Social Policy | Page 108
(Choose 2 Methods Courses and 3 Concentration Courses from the same concentration) Course Code Course Name Course Credit Methods Courses STATS 201 Introduction to Machine Learning for Social Science 4 COMPSCI 206/ Computational Microeconomics 4 ECON 206 STATS 305 Study Design: Design of Surveys and Causal Studies 4 SOSC 314 Computational Social Science: Tools to Collect & Analyze Human Behavior Using Data from the Internet SOSC 320 Data in the World: Applied Social Statistics 4 Urban Design Concentration Courses PUBPOL 204 Governing Cities 4 ECON 310 Urban Economics 4 SOSC 315 Urban Sociology 4 SOSC 405 The Future of the City 4 Environmental Sustainability Concentration Courses EHTLDR 204 Environmental Ethics 4 ENVIR 206 Energy and the Environment 4 ENVIR 301 International Environmental Policy 4 ENVIR 302/ECON 302 Environmental Economics & Policy 4 Global Networks Concentration Courses CULMOVE 101 Cultures of Globalization 4 POLECON 201 International Political Economy 4 POLSCI 309 Networks in a Globalizing World 4

----------------------------------------------------------------------

CLUSTER 7
Passages: 89
TF-IDF terms: media, digital, mediart, course, students, art, film, documentary, writing, learn

[P0389] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Media and Arts with tracks in Art History and Creative Practice | Page 181
The Media and Arts major captures the breadth of both media as a communications process and art as creative and documentary expressions. By exploring the history of media and arts as well as emerging technologies and cultures, students in this major will gain a depth of understanding that is broadly applicable to future life choices. Media studies might include communications studies, journalism, science, technology and society at the local, as well as national and global levels. Arts studies might address visual art in film, photography, and sound; music; theater; and literature. The intersection of media and arts will provide both a well-rounded foundation as well as the opportunity to immerse oneself in a particular field of study or practice. Understanding of media and the arts is foundational to the concept of interdisciplinarity that is the basis for a liberal arts education at Duke Kunshan University. On the one hand, exposure to the arts provides for the complete student: a well-rounded individual who is able to see the world in both its breadth and depth, thus creatively seeking, discovering and implementing solutions to global problems. In particular, the documentary arts intersect history with creativity; the understanding of cultural tradition with the artistic imagination. On the other hand, media literacy is not a luxury. In this interconnected world, it is a necessity. Students in this major will gain a more complete understanding of the evolution of media, broadly defined, and how the media and media systems of today interact with the institutions, individuals and ideas in society. The Media and Arts major has two tracks: 1) Art History and 2) Creative Practice. The Art History track provides a mixture of humanities and social science approaches to understanding media and arts, creating a foundation for work in the field or further graduate-level study. The Creative Practice track will focus on providing opportunities for students to create the media and arts that interest them, with a strong academic foundation.

[P0259] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Majors (listed in alphabetical order) | Computation and Design with tracks in Computer Science, Digital Media, and Social Policy | Page 100
• The Computer Science track focuses on the fundamentals of program design, software development, computer organization, systems and networks, theories of computation, principles of languages, and advanced algorithms and data. • The Social Policy track focuses on database systems, semantic knowledge production, and structured data to inform policy and shape reflective analysis. The track allows students to pursue three domain concentrations: urban design, environmental sustainability, and global networks. • The Digital Media track focuses on the application of computational media methods to cultural production at the intersection of design, technology, and society. It combines core courses on web design and data visualization with a selection of advanced courses such as 3D programming, human-computer interaction, interaction and physical computing, geographic information systems, and speculative and critical design. A focus on design thinking unites these tracks at the outset, and later in the senior seminar course, where students recombine into project groups to pursue collaborative projects. The deeply interdisciplinary focus of the curriculum allows students from a wide range of backgrounds and interests the opportunity to develop sufficient depth in computational methods to engage in informed realization of their potential. The tripartite structure of the major allows students to specialize within the context of Computation and Design while providing opportunities to come together in creative, problem- based teams. We anticipate that this sustained engagement with computation and design as the over-arching framework for their study will help to ensure that the students acquire breadth, depth, and an ability to collaborate in cross-functional teams.

[P0874] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Media and Arts (MEDIART) | Page 336
Sports documentaries have a long legacy of excellent storytelling that is used to discuss deep rooted social problems by adding emotional and dramatic power. This class will examine themes ranging from climate change, identity, domestic abuse, institutional cover ups, and systemic racism, to the intersection of sports, crime, and politics. We will discuss the mechanisms used in sports documentary storytelling to explore different traditions in documentary filmmaking as a whole. Screenings and readings will reinforce practice exercises towards the production of your own documentary. MEDIART 390 Junior Seminar: Advanced Topics (4 credits) This seminar is a core component of the interdisciplinary major in Media and Arts. Students will apply to interdisciplinary topics the knowledge and methods of analysis that they have gained in different disciplines. Students will re-connect with the broader community of faculty and students in their major and further develop their capacities to translate between their areas of expertise and the larger questions and issues that apply across a variety of disciplines. The seminar will foster the

[P0873] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Media and Arts (MEDIART) | Page 336
Motion Design is the creation of animated graphics using graphic design, typography, advertising, photography, animation sound and filmmaking. Students learn the latest technology such as After Effects and 3D softwares but it is the creative intent that motivates the acquisition of technical capabilities. We will learn how to work collaboratively with other students with different skill sets. Emphasis will be on design, conceptualization and the ability to communicate ideas. The course enables students to learn the language and principles of graphic design, to develop a method for solving design problems, to communicate ideas effectively and to create professional quality motion design such as title sequences, logo animation, news reel, that can be integrated into film, life performance or web, using the latest technology combining softwares like After Effects, editing software (Premier or Final Cut Pro) and 3D software, and by creating style frames and storyboards. Familiarity with Photoshop and Illustrator is helpful but not required. Prerequisite(s): Consent of the instructor is required

[P0840] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Media and Arts (MEDIART) | Page 328
This course is a wide-ranging introduction to the fascinating world of film and the cinema industry. Here we will look at the language and critical tools we use to understand and interpret films, while considering examples from a variety of geographical, historical, and theoretical backgrounds. Following a primarily historical trajectory, the course will allow students to develop an appreciation of cinema’s role in visual culture throughout the 20th century up to our present day. Understanding how movies function, how they become meaningful for their audiences, and how this relationship between moving images and viewers has evolved during the past 120 years, contributes to our further enjoyment of cinema in its various manifestations. At the same time, this deeper appreciation and knowledge allows us to come to grips with the ways in which movies have had an impact on the broader construction of society and human culture to date.

[P0843] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Media and Arts (MEDIART) | Page 329
Audio Documentary & Storytelling will lead students to explore the history of audio, radio, podcast / streaming, history through documentary and different narrative approaches. We will learn about recording techniques and audio mixing on digital editing software for the production of audio documentaries for radio, streaming, and podcast. Through audio documentary work, students will be encouraged to explore topics such as cultural differences, history, science, social commentary and drama from journalistic, theatrical or personal perspectives. We will explore audio narrative both fictional and non-fictional, along with sound design and approaches to storytelling.The course will introduce radio greats from Orson Wells to modern-day radio podcasts such as Radiolab, and China watcher favorites such as Sinica. This course is an essential introduction to creating and establishing an evolving student-run podcast network, informing the world of China life through the lenses of DKU students.

[P0556] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Cultural Anthropology (CULANTH) | Page 250
This course introduces students to the study of sound and sonic environments in urban spaces. Students will learn about theoretical approaches that approach sound and sonic landscapes as socially cultivated and study listening as a cultural practice. This course includes study of sound and music from different traditions around the world, recorded soundscapes (films, games, installations), built and ecological environments (parks, subways, streets, institutions, clubs, neighborhoods), the politics of making sound, and the history and use of sound technology (sound production, reproduction, reception, acoustic materials). This course introduces students to the study of noise in relation to public life, the representation of public life in sound, the shaping of city living practices by its acoustic architecture, and creative responses of sound in urban activist projects. Students in this course will conduct their own fieldwork on urban soundscapes.

[P0567] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Cultural Anthropology (CULANTH) | Page 252
This course explores the history and practice of ethnographic field research and engages central debates about ethnographic method. The readings prompt deeper reflection on doing field research, and challenges students to think about anthropological ways of knowing. Students will be required to carry out field research, define and design a project, recording (through field notes or other methods) every step of the way. This is thus a writing- and field research-intensive course. It is organized into several practical components—constituting “the field,” participant-observation (“deep hanging out”), interviewing, and writing up findings. Students will get the chance to put several key methods into practice —analyzing spaces, collecting life histories, doing semi- structured interviews and conducting participant-observation. Students will also have the option to experiment with other methods of collecting data, including the use of photography or digital video.

[P0773] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: Literature (LIT) | Page 312
In our daily lives we are overrun with data, endless bits of information about our environment, health, location, preferences and social contacts. Walter Benjamin has decried this as a modern condition of being bombarded with data, but with no ability or effort to synthesize it into the narrative form in which humans can process and intake it. This course will explore the genre of non-fiction writing as a means to effectively communicate various forms of data. Readings will include examples of leading non-fiction writers such as Sven Lindqvist in cultural studies and history, and Simon Singh in science. The course will also cover basic conventions of citation and reference. Students will practice researching and writing historical, biographical or other fact-based information into narrative form. During the term, student will also workshop their own researched narrative piece.

[P0728] Part 10: Majors and Courses | Course Descriptions | Courses with Course Subject: History (HIST) | Page 297
The course addresses New Media Art as a specific art historical movement, focusing on technologies, forms, thematic content, and conceptual strategies. While the term, new media art only became in the late nineties the established label for a broad range of artistic practices that exploit new media technologies, many new media artists are profoundly aware of their historical antecedents, making reference to Dada, Pop Art, Conceptual Art, Performance Art, and Fluxus. To understand new media art in a historical context, we will consider the history of technology and media sciences that plays an equally important role in this art’s formation and reception. The course thus studies the invention of information technologies and a range of human-machine paradigms that impact the landscape of art history, including cybernetics, network, augmented reality, Biomedia, and ubiquitous computational technology.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

